Update non-git code host, src-expose, and Perforce docs (#9246)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/non-git.md

>  # Non-Git code hosts (Perforce, Mercurial, Subversion, raw text, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Non-Git code hosts (Perforce, Mercurial, Subversion, raw text, etc.)
```

> Sourcegraph natively supports all Git-based Version Control Systems (VCSs) and code hosts. For non-Git code hosts, Sourcegraph provides a tool called `src-expose` to periodically sync and continuously serve local directories as Git repositories over HTTP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph natively supports all Git-based code hosts. For non-Git code hosts, Sourcegraph provides a tool called `src-expose` to periodically sync and continuously serve local directories as Git repositories over HTTP. 
```

I'm unclear as to the value that "Version Control Systems (VCSs)" adds in that sentence.

Author: Good catch. The one reason I'm hesitant to delete is for this to show up in search results for that term. Does that seem important?

> Sourcegraph natively supports all Git-based Version Control Systems (VCSs) and code hosts. For non-Git code hosts, Sourcegraph provides a tool called `src-expose` to periodically sync and continuously serve local directories as Git repositories over HTTP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph natively supports all Git-based Version Control Systems (VCSs) and code hosts. For non-Git code hosts, Sourcegraph provides a CLI tool called `src-expose` to periodically sync and continuously serve local directories as Git repositories over HTTP. 
```

> **Guides for specific non-Git code hosts**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If using Perforce, see the [Perforce repositories with Sourcegraph guide](../repo/perforce.md).
```

- [Perforce](../repo/perforce.md)

## Installing `src-expose`

Navigate to the directory that contains the Git repositories that you want to serve, then run:

``` shell
wget https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-artifacts/src-expose/latest/darwin-amd64/src-expose
# For linux comment the above and uncomment the below
# wget https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-artifacts/src-expose/latest/linux-amd64/src-expose

chmod +x src-expose
```

> You can run `src-expose -h` any time for help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installing `src-expose`

For Linux:

``` shell
curl -L https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-artifacts/src-expose/latest/linux-amd64/src-expose -o /usr/local/bin/src-expose
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/src-expose
```

For macOS:

``` shell
curl -L https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-artifacts/src-expose/latest/darwin-amd64/src-expose -o /usr/local/bin/src-expose
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/src-expose
```

You can run `src-expose -h` any time for help.
```

## Using `src-expose`

`src-expose` provides two main functions:

- Serving local Git repositories over the network, and making them available to Sourcegraph (as if they were available on a traditional code host). See [serving repositories](#serving-repositories), or run `src-expose serve -h`.
- Periodically running a command to sync changes to the code, and then combining those changes into a new Git commit in the local repositories. See [syncing repositories](#syncing-repositories), or run `src-expose sync -h`.

By default, if you exclude the first argument to `src-expose` (i.e., you run `src-expose` without `sync` or `serve`), it will perform both of these functions simultaneously.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`src-expose` can be used in one of three ways:

- **Serving local git repositories**<br/>
Serving local Git repositories over the network, and making them available to Sourcegraph (as if they were available on a traditional code host). See [serving repositories](#serving-repositories), or run `src-expose serve -h`.<br/><br/>
- **Syncing local file changes to git commits**<br/>
Periodically running a command to sync changes to the code, and then combining those changes into a new Git commit in the local repositories. See [syncing repositories](#syncing-repositories), or run `src-expose sync -h`.<br/><br/>
- **Syncing local changes to git commits and serving local git repositories**<br/>
If the first argument to `src-expose` is excluded (i.e., you run `src-expose` without `sync` or `serve`), it will perform both sync and serve functions simultaneously.
```

### Serving repositories

> `src-expose` serves a list of local Git repositories over HTTP, making them available to Sourcegraph. In addition to simply providing a Git endpoint, it also provides a repository listing API that Sourcegraph expects a code host to have. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`src-expose serve` serves a list of local Git repositories over HTTP, making them available for cloning by Sourcegraph.
```

I think the second sentence is an implementation detail that isn't needed.

If you wish to serve a local directory without running any syncing commands automatically, you can run `src-expose serve` (instead of the default `src-expose`) to only perform this function.

### Syncing repositories

In addition to serving a local directory, `src-expose` will periodically run a command of your choice to fetch changes from a remote and combine them into a new Git commit. 

For example, if your provided configuration YAML file contains:

```
# before is a command run before sync. before is run from root.
before: p4 sync
# duration defines how often sync should happen. Defaults to 10s.
duration: 10s
```

Then Sourcegraph will run `p4 sync` every 10 seconds, and combine all of the fetched changes into a new Git commit. The new Git commit's author will be `src-expose`, and will contain all changes since the last time the syncing command was run.

> While this syncing functionality means that the original change history will be lost, it eliminates any slow and costly Perforce-to-Git or Hg-to-Git or similar conversions that would otherwise be required. If you prefer to retain history, see [choosing the right src-expose setup](#choosing-the-rigth-src-expose-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this syncing functionality means that the original change history will be lost, it eliminates any slow and costly Perforce-to-Git or Hg-to-Git or similar conversions that would otherwise be required. If you prefer to retain history, see [choosing the right src-expose setup](#choosing-the-right-src-expose-setup).
```

## Quickstart

1. Start up a Sourcegraph instance (using our [Quickstart](../../index.md) or our [full installation documentation](../install/index.md)).

1. [Install `src-expose`](#installing-src-expose)

1. Pick the directory you want to export from, then run:

> ``` shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` shell
# Serve local git directories over http
```

./src-expose dir1 dir2 dir3
```

or

``` shell

> ./src-expose serve dir1 dir2 dir3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` shell
# Watch directories for local changes, sync changes as git commits, and serve over http
./src-expose serve dir1 dir2 dir3
```

### Next steps: advanced configuration

Please consult `src-expose -help` to learn more about the options available. 

For more complex setups, configure your `src-expose` by providing a local configuration file:

``` shell
src-expose -snapshot-config config.yaml
```

See [an example YAML file containing available configuration options](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/master/dev/src-expose/examples/example.yaml). 

## Choosing the right `src-expose` setup

`src-expose` provides a spectrum of ways to access non-Git code in Sourcegraph, trading off freshness of the code against completeness of the code history. 

**Retaining code change history**

If you have a small enough code base, it is possible to use a tool for converting the full non-Git code host's history into Git history, and to keep them synced. For example, for Perforce, by using `git p4 sync` (which converts the full Perforce change history into Git commits) rather than using `p4 sync` in conjunction with `src-expose` to squash all changes into a single new commit (see the [Syncing repositories](#syncing-repositories) section above).

> To achieve this 

Reviewer 2: Incomplete sentence?
